Why you should learn programming even if you dont want to get a job as a developer

Before you start reading this article I would like to remind you that is never too late and you are never too old to learn something new, it does not matter what you want to learn or do you still have TIME so do it. (light gray and font-familyq uso para testo pequeno)

Let's start by answering a really important questio; What is programming? based on the best enciclopedia out there (inside joke for those who still remembers what is an enciclopedia) Google
Programming/ Google deffinition goes here

In the article called "ARTICLE NAME GOES HERE" I mentioned that I have been trying to code for more than 7 years. Even after all those years of programming courses and videos tutorials I am still trying to learn programming and if you ask why, the answer is simple; being able to program a computer to do something you want that is a super power. Just imagine all the cool stuff you can do with or to make your life simpler: You can automate all of those repetitive task that you have to do at work such as writing a script(q es un script) sending emails to a supplier when your inventory is running low on suplies, this one is kind of evil (crying laughing face) but it will safe you from a lot of "omg what kind of monster are you how can you forgot my/out birthday/anniversary" lol. You can write a program that send a text/email to those precious to you becouse lets face it sometimes we have a hard day at work or school or at home and we might forgot to say happy birthday to that sensitive friend we have and hell run loose and programming can avoid that for you :). That reason to learn how to program sounds silly to you what about this one: have more time to be with your love ones or having more money to provide to those that depends on you. Programming can give you freedom, the beauty of programming is that you dont have to be in a fix location to do your job. As a programmer all you need is a computer and a good wifi connection to your job. You could be in Thailand right now and work for a company that is based in New York and still complete your job (just have to keep in mind that that is a 12 hours difference) or perhabs you just want to be a stay home parent and take care of your kids; I dont have kids yet but how beautifull would it be waking up and take my kids to school and go and pick them up instead of having someone else do it for you or be there when they take their first step or better yet watch them grow right in front of you instead of watching a video that your wife or husband send to you mad that the baby said dada instead of mama. 
NOTE WHERE IT SAYS PROGRAMMING CAN GIVE YOU FREEDOM CHANGE IT FOR "CAN GIVE YOU LOCATION FREEDOM"

Prommaging can also give you financial freedom. The entry level as a programmer (here I will sumarize everything that deals with writing code) the average entry level can average from $65,000 up to $120,000 a year. 

But the beauty of learning how to code is that you dont have to go to school to learn it you just have to have dicipline and set a time to learn it and have a goal in mind of why you want to learn how to program. I am not saying that is going to be easy but trust me is going to be worthy. If you dont know what programming language you should learn, my advise would be python; because is faster to learn and really simple to write. If you would like to go more deep after python learn C++ or Java to have a better understanding on how to manage your computer memory (a topic for another blog) 





there are a lot of different way to say the same thing: developer, programmer, coder, all of those do the same this at the end of the day which is write code.





or better yet what is the 
