#How I am planning to become a fullstack developer in 7 Months

Hi my name is Elvis Boves, I am a Mechanical Engineer in Technology; I have a love and hate relationship with programming. I have been trying to be a developer for more than 7 years! (when I was trying to remember the time I started laughing wow 7 years!! time does flight). The first programming languages I used was Java I was developing Android applications. I was enroll in a program called C4Q (Coalition for Queens) I was part of the second cohort they did. I really like the experience and met some nice people during the program. The cohort lasted 6 months and during that time we learn the basics of Java in order to develop Android apps. Nevertheless, for some reason I did not persue programming after we graduated. I do not know the reason why I did not stick with it, but it was not appealing for me; maybe I had impostor symdrome or maybe I was not ready at the time who knows.After a year or two, I got a scholarship at Fullstack Academy doing the front-end developer program they have. As you may know at this point I was learning HTML, CSS and Javascript. For my final project I went and took the deliveration of learning Angular, to this day I still remember the stroggle I had with it but I liked it nevertheless. And again after the program, I did not continue programming; this time I felt that I did not learn enough that I was not ready that progrmaming was not for me and leave it like that. The following 2 years I went on my own and started learning python. I really like it and enjoy writing python code but it was not enough I got caught in what is called tutorial hell. I was watching tutorials for everything that has to do with python, but I was not writing code I was not creating projects. I even bought some Udemy courses but did not follow through. I was putting a lot of pressure on myself at the time, feeling stuped for not knowing or understanding a topic got me discourage and once again I stopped programming all together. Fast forward to two years ago, during the beginning of the pandemic, I got accepted into a programming .......... I was at school when it happened to I was a bit overwhelmed with everything. I moved to the Dominican Republic to save some money since I was not working at the time and classes where remotely. The program I got accepted was exclusive for CUNY students only, the name of the program is (NAME GOES HERE). During the program we were learing Machine Learning. The program was fully online due to the situation at the time, and I was taking college classes I found the program really hard and I got discourage. Feeling overwhelm and stress all the time got me not where, I was not handling the program's homework I was feeling like I did not belong there like an outsider; Most of the students where taking college classes related to the topic we were learning at the program and that only made it worst for me. For the final project we (meaning only my teammate) built a machine model that analize the sentiments of twitter's twits. Do not get me wrong, I love learning and I learned a lot during this program but I was not ready yet. At this point you already know what I did next, yup you guessed it, I stopped programming completely. I told myself that I was done with programming after all these years and  program I went through, I did want to deal with progamming.

I honestly do not remember if I saw it on social media or as an add somewhere but I saw the Citi group in partnership with Udacity was offering a  scholarship to become a fullstack developer. I did not apply since I told myself that I did not want to do the same again I did not want to feel discourage one more time so I close the window and kept on with my day. Called it faith if you want by five days before the application dead line, I saw the Citi group scholarship again; to be honest I did want to apply, I was "done with programming." However, I applied and submmited the application. In order to complete the application process you have to complete a ....... --------- I finished it two days. To be 100% honest, I did not think I was suited for the program and I was already late to be accepted; however that did not stop me. The final "exam" we had to take would determine if a person was accept or not into the scholarship. They told us that the first 100 students who got the highest grade would be accepted. They also said that the exam was based on what we learned during the first the stage meaning HTML and CSS. However, the test that some of the participant took had more Java and SQL than HTML and CSS a lot of students including myself where complaining about it but I did it nevertheless and I got accepted!!!! this is my last chance at programming.

Now you may say "yo Elvis, what makes this time different from the previous 3 you had?" and to that I would say that this time I am actually building stuff (not that I did not on the other programming pragrams I was but now I am practicing programming every day and building stuff on my own. I am currently building my personal website and I can say that I am starting to like programming. I know programming is hard and the process is going to be harder since I have to learning a lot of technologies to become a fullstack; however, I know its going to be worthy at the end and that with decipline and and with a goal on mind you can accomplish anythin you set you mind to. Lets make the fourth time count!! 

Happy Coding.

